dreambooth docs torch.compile note (#3471)
huggingface/diffusers: examples/dreambooth/README.md

write_basic_config()
```

> Note that enabling `torch.compile` through the accelerate config can cause dramatic speed ups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running `accelerate config`, if we specify torch compile mode to True there can dramatic speedups. 
```
